Migrate wasm languages to dev docs (#1177)
fermyon/developer: content/wasm-languages/assemblyscript.md

date = "2024-02-18T01:01:01Z"
title = "AssemblyScript in WebAssembly"
description = "AssemblyScript is a WebAssembly-centered language. It is one of the best languages if you want to target only WebAssembly."
tags = ["assemblyscript", "typescript", "javascript", "webassembly"]
template = "page_lang"
[extra]
author = "Fermyon Staff"
last_modified = "2022-03-10T21:50:50Z"
url = "https://github.com/fermyon/developer/blob/main/content/wasm-languages/assemblyscript.md"

---

> Inspired by [TypeScript](/wasm-langauges/typescript), AssemblyScript is a strongly typed language. It was written specifically with WebAssembly in mind, and the entire toolchain is oriented around WebAssembly.

Author: ```suggestion
Inspired by [TypeScript](./typescript.md), AssemblyScript is a strongly typed language. It was written specifically with WebAssembly in mind, and the entire toolchain is oriented around WebAssembly.
```
